hey guys um so yeah I might closet right
now um that's just because I that's
where I have my um phone cases and I
don't feel like taking them out of my
closet so I finally got all of my phone
cases in the mail and I got him off from
ebay so they were all pretty cheap and
so I said I might do home video and so
this is hope video yep okay so basically
this have all my girlfriend's back it's
just an awesome bag I pull it in here
screen protector a little wipe and it's
the one that I am currently using right
now it's just a little turquoise blue
and pink underneath it has this little
like grip I guess but yeah and then the
only thing I don't like about it is that
like if you want to use like any like
auxiliary chords like they don't fit in
the hole at all so you really only have
to use like headphones which is a little
annoying sometimes oh my gosh second one
I got is this hakuna matata little
infinity galaxy with the birds that was
pretty cute and these are all for iPhone
5 slightly got wanted you know and I
learn with this one it's not waterproof
because it came like with this little
matte finish hey it's Matt I know but if
you get it wet it's like it peels off
and it turns sharni good yeah I was kind
of sad see you could tell
little depressing there this little girl
before you fly galaxy they start like
very nice balloons it's kind of like I'm
not really worried again always showing
up anything right here this one right
here is like a little kitty no bird no
elephant balloon
I think I might make this one me my next
one
sorry my only link I don't know I guess
like big one big phone case that I have
right in the last thing I got it I came
in this box like a little chocolate cake
thing and I think I might just say
because I just thought I was really
really cute and like he gave me this
little note yeah I thought it was nice I
mean like like every time like I
purchased something from like my eBay
they never send me and you like little
notes like those that they were nice in
yes but so I got this phone case no it's
kind of weird right now but anyways it's
just basically that and the reason why
this was my phone case actually for like
a couple of days but I changed it
because maybe can't tell this China
supposed to be like this but it's like
you know it's too wide at the bottom so
this keeps on falling off oh yeah I
really collection why is this so that
was it no I have my face looks red
but um yeah that was my haul video milah
Hall collection I really hope you guys
enjoyed it and yeah um I know we'll be
making like more videos when school
starts obviously like I think I said
that anything I shouldn't said that in
her new video but anything you guys want
us to make for you guys just leave a
suggestion in the comments or message us
um I think that's it
um sorry if this really bad lighting
it's pretty late right now and I just
got like my last package I was really
excited to show you guys what I got so I
was like I need to film but um yeah
what's really weird lighting my closet
so I will talk to you guys later
um yeah let me know if you liked it my
little collection nobody making more
videos pretty soon bye